# Tetrix
The test task was to complete the project, the game Tetris. (http://alexkh.info/speciality.php?id_project=28 (select ENG)) It consisted of a Visual studio solution containing PerformanceCounter.h, BaseApp.h, BaseApp.cpp, main.cpp, TestApp.h files , TestApp.cpp This solution / project organized work with the OS console using WinAPI, it was, as it were, an adapter between WinAPI and C ++ classes. I was given the freedom to work with these classes and write additional classes.
    
    The PerformanceCounter.h file describes a controlled clock generator.
    The BaseApp.h and BaseApp.cpp files describe the game area, drawing the figure, handling keyboard input
    The TestApp.h and TestApp.cpp files, with their inclusion, are the description of the main executable object
    Files Point.h, Point.cpp They describe a point object, with two-dimensional coordinates, with methods that perform arithmetic operations on coordinates, with point data about the impossibility or possibility of moving in along the set or set coordinate axes. In the Point class, I've applied operator overloading.
    The files Figure.h and Figure.cpp contain an abstract polymorphic class, for figures I, J, O, S, T, Z, its methods will be in inherited classes, and virtual methods will be overridden for each figure. This class also describes:
        A structure for storing (in a vector) terms that will give the value of the new coordinates of the point, when operating with them
        Functional objects, functors, for adding and subtracting points.
    Also, an abstract polymorphic class will allow, using dynamic polymorphism, to randomly set a pointer to an object of a figure that will be used in the game. Those. the type pointer of this class will point to objects of the descendant classes, it would seem, with a different type, but polymorphism will allow this to be organized. As you can see, the vector template class is also used here, it is also a container from the STL library.
    IFigure.h files. and IFigure.cpp describe an I-figure. It contains the terms for the coordinates of the points a, b, c, d, of which the I-figure consists, for one of four possible positions for the rotation of the figure. Those. the current corodinates will be added with the prescribed ones and the figure will change its position on the strip. I will not give a description of the components, the stops here, you can visit my site, there are screenshots there. Stops are also set for each of the 4 points, that is, the determination in which coordinate axis is allowed to move each point. When turning, the stops are reset to those set in advance.
    The project also has files for the rest of the shapes, they are similar to the files IFigure.h and IFigure.cpp, the coordinates for setting the shape, the terms of the shape rotation, the stops of points, the stops for each of the rotary versions of the shape have been changed. (Files: JFigure.h, JFigure.cpp, OFigure.h, OFIgure.cpp, SFigure.h SFigure.cpp, TFigure.h, TFigure.cpp, ZFigure.h, ZFigure.cpp).
    The Building.h and Building.cpp files describe a building constructed from shapes. Its drawdown is implemented if the floor is completely filled, the correct installation of the figure that touched the building.
    The program will run under Win32. Files msvcp120d.dll, msvcr120d.dll must be moved to the system32 folder. 
